Ye Yan, what are you doing?
Ye Yan, you are a jerk
This treasure is what I want to give to the president of the Tianlong Society
Thing you break
Aren't you afraid of the one who brought down the wrath of thunder?
somehow
The following injuries
In addition to throwing dirty water on others, Ye Yan
What else would you do?
Take a good look at these fragments
let go
Now you still want to question my vision?
I'll tell you what.
This thing is fake
I won't let my daughter marry you either
I am the queen's son-in-law
Even if it's not the underground emperor who calls the wind and the rain
I'm not a profiteer.
you
What do you want?
Yanyan, this is my dad
What the hell?
If this painting can be called a top number
Then my family would already have a museum
You can prove it to everyone
So you can have a great time.
It's our eyes.
Or is your brain in shit?
Standing for heaven and earth
Live for the people
In order to continue the study of sainthood
Peace for the world
today
I made you an official
then
Shanhe Wanli River
Come to Dajiandong